# INtcpx v0.1

 INtcpx v0.1
 The potentially nefarious TCP IPv4 connection funnel daemon from Hell
 Copyright 2022 Ioannis Nompelis

If you ever wanted to "tunnel" connections that arrive to a _given_port_
on a _given_IP_ of a _given_interface_ of a server host in order to send them
to a _specific_port_ of a _specific_host_ (IP) on the network, or even on a
different network that sits behind another interface of the server host, and
do all of this in user space, this is for you.

If you also wanted to monitor those payloads that go back and forth through
this connection, that is a built-in bonus.

Here are some scenarios where this can be used:

1. As an non-privilleged user you want to forward connections. (Sure, you
can do with with SSH tunnels, but you need access to the remote host if
you are using a "local" tunnel with the -L switch. You do not need access
with this; you are a network spammer as far as the target host is concerned.)

2. You want to take incoming connections to a random port on the host on which
you have non-privilleged access and send them to a different port on this host.

3. You sit on a host that is a "portal" (bridges two networks) and you want
to foward connections from one network interface to another port-by-port.
(This is like having a host with "eth0" on a public net, call it 174.x.x.x,
and "eth1" on a private, unroutable net, call it 10.x.x.x, and taking all
port 80 connections of an IP on eth0 and sending it to an IP in the private
net on eth1 on which you do not have access.)

4. You want to develop some socket/network software and you want to see
what goes back and forth in a socket connection.

5. You want to see how SSH works and you want to attempt to break the
Diffie-Hellman elliptic curve (ECDH) ephemeral key exchange.

6. You reall want to see how HTTP works, because the myriad of documents on
the web are not enough. Or you want to see how HTTPS _actually_ works.

7. You want to see if you got your WebSocket protocol working, because the
myriad implementations do not fit your personality.

If you modify the software, you can turn "main()" into a function that accepts
"port" and "backlog" as agruments and spawns a thread to act as a daemon for
each port.

Be good and do not ruin people's day with this software. Read the LICENSE !!!

Oh yeah, it does use POSIX threads, my favourite.

IN 2022/01/19

